# The ChallengeThere is a request for a new food / recipe application that will help users become better at cooking. Unfortunately the product manager has dumped a bunch of specifications on you and done a runner!Your task is to develop an application that fulfils _some_ or _all_ of the specification provided. The solution must be responsive to work on desktop and mobile / tablet devices.## What are we looking for?The aim of the task is to give you the opportunity to show **your** skills in front end development. The specification is deliberately open for that reason.We are also very interested in _non-coding_ aspects and how you approach problems. Please supply any notes you make, such as showing your working, questions you might want to ask and assumptions you may have made. We also **strongly** recommend you use comments in any code you supply to communicate your reasoning as you work.You may pick whichever frameworks you feel are suited to the task at hand.The `features` folder contains the behavioural specifications of the application to be built. Start by reading through these feature files, they should give you a sense of what is required.UX mockups are available to assist you in the supplied `ux` folder.Data files in JSON format are available in the supplied `data` folder.## Submitting your testPlease either:* Check your source code into a public github repository and email the repository location to the contact email provided; OR* Create an archive (zip, tar) and send the archive via email.